# module_map

## Draft for discussion
1. Is the Description of the link to VLE understandable?
2. Property names are a bit long, but descriptive; any suggestions for improvement? Bear in mind these names must be unique to this entity (except for MOD_INSTANCE_ID and PROVIDED_AT).
3. MODULE_MAP_DOMAIN = 'VLE' is reserved so we can preserve the existing MODULE_VLE_MAP_MODE facility (see INSTITUTION).
4. module_vle_map entity would be deprecated in v1.5, then removed in the next major release.

* [MODULE_MAP_ID](#module_map_id) **
* [MOD_INSTANCE_ID](module_instance.md#mod_instance_id) [1] *
* [MODULE_MAP_DOMAIN](#module_map_domain) [1] *
* [DOMAIN_MOD_INSTANCE_ID](#domain_mod_instance_id) [1] *
* [PROVIDED_AT](assessment_instance.md#provided_at) [0..1]

\** indicates that the property is the primary key for this entity; if not provided by data supplier, will be Learning Data Hub generated.  
\* indicates that the property has a uniqueness constraint for this entity. See Description for an exception to this constraint for VLEs.
 
API endpoint name: **modulemap**

## Description
A module_map links a module instance from a student record system with module information from another system specified by MODULE_MAP_DOMAIN, typically a VLE or timetable system. The module identifier in the other system is contained in DOMAIN_MOD_INSTANCE_ID.

By default, MOD_INSTANCE_ID and DOMAIN_MOD_INSTANCE_ID form a uniqueness constraint within the specified MODULE_MAP_DOMAIN. For example, where the MODULE_MAP_DOMAIN is 'VLE', then MOD_INSTANCE_ID and DOMAIN_MOD_INSTANCE_ID form a uniqueness constraint, so that each module instance in the UDD can have more than one reference in the VLE and vice versa; this might be relevant where the VLE contains references to different components of the same module with no over-arching VLE module record, or the VLE has material that relates directly to more than one module in the student record system. For institutions where MOD_INSTANCE_ID values linked to the VLE must be unique, see the [MODULE_VLE_MAP_MODE](institution.md#module_vle_map_mode) property in the institution entity; this facility enables a MOD_INSTANCE_ID to link to one and only one module reference in the VLE, and it is specific only to the VLE.

## MODULE_MAP_ID
### Description
Primary key. Where not supplied by data provider, the primary key will be generated by the Learning Data Hub loading mechanism.

### Purpose
Enables easy reference to the map between module instance and the other system.

### Derivation
Jisc

### Format
String(255)

### Notes
Primary key. Where not supplied by data provider, the primary key will be generated by the Learning Data Hub loading mechanism.


## MODULE_MAP_DOMAIN

### Description
Identifies the system within which DOMAIN_MOD_INSTANCE_ID exists.

### Purpose
Efficient processing of IDs, and lookup of data in xAPI statements.

### Valid values

Values should be one of the following:

- 'VLE' - this is a reserved label for the institution's primary VLE. It enables implementation of the uniqueness constraint switch described in [Description](#Description).

- a local name that identifies the system within which DOMAIN_MOD_INSTANCE_ID exists, for example 'Scientia'.


### Format
String (255)

### Notes
Local name values are not maintained in the UDD.

## DOMAIN_MOD_INSTANCE_ID

### Description
An identifier for a module area in the system identified by MODULE_MAP_DOMAIN. 

### Purpose
Display in apps and dashboards

### Derivation
Jisc

### Valid values
Any

### References

### Format
String (255)

### Notes
